简介
光线追踪（Ray Tracing）是在开启 ray_tracing 规则时生成的类似玩家的生物，没有对应的刷怪蛋且无法使用/summon生成，拥有 20 点（）生命值。
行为
在开启 ray_tracing 规则后，需要等待一段时间，直到出现了“Ray Tracing加入了游戏”消息后，会在出生地附近生成。
光线追踪会在四处游荡，并且每隔一段时间会发一条消息。
光线追踪同样受僵尸、骷髅等怪物的敌对。
在光线追踪死亡后发送一条死亡消息和一条聊天消息。
当 ray_tracing 规则被废除后，光线追踪会消失，并发送“Ray Tracing离开了游戏”消息和一条额外的退出消息。
消息
进入消息
Did someone say cake? I'm here for the cake!（好像有人说“蛋糕”？我是来吃蛋糕的！）；
Greetings, fellow Minecrafters! Let's build some amazing things together（各位 Minecraft 玩家，大家好！我们来造点稀奇玩意吧）；
I come bearing gifts... of dirt. Lots and lots of dirt（我带来了礼物……是泥土。很多很多泥土）；
I hope everyone is ready for some serious block-placing action!（希望大家都能做好认真搭方块的准备！）；
I don't always play Minecraft, but when I do, I prefer to play with awesome people like you我没有一直在玩 Minecraft，不过我上线的时候，总喜欢跟像你这样厉害的人一起玩）；
I heard there was a party happening here. Did I miss the memo?（听说这里有个聚会。只有我错过了？）；
Hey everyone, can I join your Minecraft book club?（大家好，我能加入你们的 Minecraft 书友会吗？）；
I'm not saying I'm the best Minecraft player, but I did once build a castle out of wool（真不是我说我玩 Minecraft 有多厉害，我以前用羊毛建了个城堡）；
I'm here to mine some blocks and chew bubblegum... and I'm all out of bubblegum（我来这里挖些方块，嚼点泡泡糖……我的泡泡糖已经用光了）；
Hello, is this the Minecraft support group? I think I'm addicted（你好，这里是 Minecraft 互助小组吗？我觉得我上瘾了）。
随机发言
I just found diamonds! Wait, no, it's just coal. Again.（我找到钻石了！等等，不对，那是煤炭。又是这样。）
I'm a master builder. I built a dirt house once（我是建筑大师。我建过一个泥土屋）
Creepers? Never heard of 'em（苦力怕？没听说过）
I could've sworn I put that torch there（我敢肯定我在那里插了火把）
If at first you don't succeed, dig straight down（如果一次不成功，那就垂直往下挖）
I'm not lost, I'm just exploring（我没走丢，我只是在探险）
Is it just me, or do those cows have judgmental eyes?（只有我觉得那些牛在用审视的眼光看人吗？）
I've never been to the Nether, but I hear it's a nice place to vacation（我没去过下界，但我听说那里是个度假胜地）
I heard if you punch trees long enough, they turn into diamonds（我听说只要捶得够久，树木就会被捶成钻石）
Sometimes I feel like the only thing I'm good at is dying in lava（有时候我觉得自己只擅长死在熔岩里面）
I'm not lost, I'm just temporarily misplaced（我没走丢，我只是暂时走错地方了）
I like my Minecraft like I like my coffee: with extra sugar cubes（我喜欢 Minecraft，就像我喜欢多糖咖啡一样）
I heard that if you stare at a pig long enough, it will give you its best pork chop（我听说只要盯得够久，猪就会献出自己身上最棒的一块猪排）
I'm convinced that creepers were invented by the developers just to mess with us（我相信苦力怕是开发者用来整我们的东西）
Why build a fancy castle when you can watch a video of someone else building one?（既然能观看别人建造华丽城堡的视频，为什么你还要自己建一个呢？）
死亡消息
That was just a warm-up, next time I'll be ready!（热热身而已，下次我会做好准备的！）
I got caught off-guard. I won't make that mistake again（真是猝不及防。我下次不会再犯这种错误了）
It's not my fault, the lag made me miss my jump!（不是我的错，游戏延迟害得我忘记跳跃了！）
I was distracted by that beautiful sunset（夕阳美景让我走神了）
I was just testing to see how much fall damage I could survive（我只是在测试自己能承受多少摔落伤害）
I was trying to show off my parkour skills, but it didn't go as planned（我想卖弄一下跑酷技巧，但这不在我的意料之中）
I thought I had enough food to survive, but apparently not（我以为我带的食物够我活下去了，但似乎不够）
I underestimated the strength of those zombies（我低估了那些僵尸的力量）
I was practicing my speedrun strats and got a bit carried away（我在练习速通，结果有点走火入魔了）
I was trying to get a better view and accidentally fell（我试着看清远景，然后意外失足了）
退出消息
I have to go take care of my real-life sheep. See you all later!（我该去照料现实中的羊了。回头见！）
My mom is calling me for dinner. Gotta run!（我妈叫我去吃晚饭了。该走了！）
Sorry guys, I have a meeting with the Ender Dragon. It's urgent.（抱歉了各位，我要跟末影龙会面。情况紧急。）
I have to go put out a fire... in the real world. Bye!（我该去灭火了……去现实中灭火。再见！）
I'm sorry, I have to go study for my Minecraft finals（抱歉，我该去做 Minecraft 期末备考复习了）
My boss just messaged me. Apparently, there's a creeper invasion at work. Gotta go!（我的上司给我发消息了。显然是因为苦力怕入侵了办公室。该走了！）
I have to go feed my pet slime. They get cranky if I don't feed them on time（我该去喂我的宠物史莱姆了。不按时喂的话，它们会狂躁的）
I need to take a break. Bye everyone!（我需要休息一下。各位再见！）
I promised my little sibling I would play Minecraft with them. Time to go fulfill that promise!（我向弟弟妹妹们保证过我会跟他们一起玩 Minecraft。该去兑现承诺了！）
I'm sorry, but I have to go save the world from the zombie apocalypse. Wish me luck!（抱歉，我该去应对丧尸危机、拯救世界了。祝我好运吧！）